Access Token Docs (#70)
paypal/iOS-SDK: README.md

* UIKit
* SwiftUI

## Access Token

The PayPal SDK uses access tokens for authentication.

> > The follwing example can be adapted to any server-side language/framework of your choice. We use command-line curl to demonstrate the overall composition of the Access Token HTTP request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following example can be adapted to any server-side language/framework of your choice. We use command-line curl requests to demonstrate the overall composition of the Access Token HTTP request.
```

To create an access token:

> 1. Follw the steps in [Get Started](https://developer.paypal.com/api/rest/#link-getstarted) to obtain a client ID and secret from the PayPal Developer site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the steps in [Get Started](https://developer.paypal.com/api/rest/#link-getstarted) to obtain a client ID and secret from the PayPal Developer site.
```
